[CQA] Fix feature-centric abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4958)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_generating-a-generic-boot-disk-by-using-cli.adoc

= Generating a generic boot disk by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Generate a boot ISO not associated with a specific host that chain loads the installer from {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a boot ISO not associated with a specific host that chainloads the installer from {ProjectServer}.
```
This is not in the IBM SG, but it's usually spelled as a single word.

Author: Added in 17407da6be5e076772a0493f445f9658c764717c
